bonus yen if you don't know what
happened for whatever reason a child who
was black you'll see why I'm hinting
that later fell into the cage of a
400-pound 17-year old gorilla the
incident resulted in the absolutely
tragic shooting of the gorilla to rescue
the child who was thankfully removed
safely from the cage well it's weird
because I remember you know like the
other day I was I was watching the news
in my hotel room and they were like they
shot the gorilla there's such an outrage
and I haven't seen I hadn't seen the
full video because it just showed like
the kid kind of gone up to the gorilla
and I'm like okay they really do nothing
like why they shoot the gorilla then
they show the other part of the video we
showed the gorilla dragging the kid
through the water and I'm like I want to
kill that gorilla shoot the [ __ ] girl
shoot the [ __ ] girl not even a
question
Kurama was a gorilla native to the
region of central and western Equatorial
Africa this species of gorilla is now
considered to be critically endangered
by the International Union for the
Conservation of Nature so it has a high
risk of going extinct according to
zookeepers it is now their moral
obligation to preserve these gorillas
whose habitat has been completely
destroyed in this case mostly by logging
and mining I'll tell you this gorilla is
dragging a three-year-old boy which is
you know I mean I don't know about that
around care if the gorilla came up to
the point gave him a banana shoot the
[ __ ] gorilla and peeled it and peeled
it and handed it over to the second the
kid caught the banana shoot the [ __ ]
gorilla I really mean that don't to my
heart so it's pretty ironic wouldn't you
say that these animals are now stolen
from their endangered habitat in Africa
which we're responsible for destroying
in the first place and then imprisoned
in zoos in our Western countries to
protect them this is very interesting
right the first they start attacking the
parents what awful [ __ ] parents how
dare you what these parents are piece of
[ __ ] I mean different perhaps much more
obvious note white supremacy also
dictates the racist reaction that this
story has ignited from the white Mouse's
against this black family when initially
it came out the Twitter reaction was
this is so funny about Twitter what hey
you go why parents let your kids do
whatever you want why don't you put a
leash on the kids why parents what
parents what the hell is wrong with you
why parents what the hell is wrong with
you why parents just crazy why don't you
actually take care of kids it's where
your kids chewed up schools use it let
them do whatever you want two days later
turns out the parents are black
immediately Twitter goes kids are cards
take care if you don't know these kids
are rambunctious there while they're
eating sugar all days they're running
around the mean you don't understand the
struggles of a parent suck you phony
[ __ ] a really disgusting
article in The Daily Mail also disclosed
in meticulous detail the father's
criminal history and as of today this
article has been shared upwards of
ninety four thousand times on Facebook
the father I think was not even at the
zoo so can anyone tell me what his
criminal record has to do with anything
just no one really cares right cuz if
you really cared about the gorillas if
you really cared about gorillas you know
what you wouldn't go see him at the zoo
right I don't see protests in the zoo to
everyone who's reacting who isn't vegan
as I said while I think it's great that
you are able to show some compassion
sometimes in your life I think it's
outrageous how hypocritical you are
because when you are speaking out about
this incident with the gorillas being
wrong you're most likely going home and
eating meat dairy or eggs that evening
for dinner or that day or even as you're
being outraged and typing it on social
media with us Facebook or YouTube or
Instagram or Twitter or wherever it is
that you're talking about the outrage of
this gorilla and I don't normally do
rant videos but I have to run about this
because I know you in dog festival is
happening in the next couple of weeks
and it's going to be exactly the same
thing on social media guys if you're not
vegan I think it's great that you care
about these things but how can you care
about one incident of this gorilla
Harambee being shot or the dogs being
eaten in Ulan or sessile the line being
shot by the dentist and then not to give
a [ __ ] about the animals that you're
eating this is the problem sauce
Media and this is why we can't trust
social media social media all social
media is is a vehicle for acceptance
right so I will post a picture on
Instagram that makes me look better than
I look so people accept me I will say
things on Twitter that are different
than how I actually feel that make me
look like a better person so people
accept me right I will snapchat a life
that I don't really live so people will
accept me so when it comes to this girl
thing it was a perfect opportunity for
acceptance hey if I show how much I
pretend to give a [ __ ] about animals
people will accept me huh that new CN if
it's your kid you shoot the [ __ ]
gorilla just sure [ __ ] shoot a dog I
fall in the [ __ ] pit take them all
out
Caesar all his boys take a lot I don't
give a [ __ ] you have my permission to
kill them all and I'll gladly stand over
their bodies I'll stand over their
bodies like I'm glad that this has
happened and that we can live to talk
another